    
    which requires that you sit at a desk all day.  ; If you hate to talk
     politics, don't associate with people who love to talk politics, etc.   Learn to live one day at a time.   Every day, do something you really enjoy.   Add an ounce of love to everything you do.   Take a hot bath or shower (or a cool one in summertime) to relieve tension.   Do something for somebody else.   Focus on understanding rather than on being understood; on loving rather than on being loved.   Do something that will improve your appearance.  ; Looking better can help you feel better.   Schedule a realistic day.  ; Avoid the tendency to schedule back-to-back appointments; allow time between appointments for a breathing spell.   Become more flexible.  ; Some things are worth not doing perfectly and
 some issues are fine to compromise upon.   Eliminate destructive self-talking

 I also felt they protected me from the hard road by interposing a layer of air between the sole of my foot and the pavement.   So why was I sidelined with a heel injury for over two   s?  I listened to the manufacturer and changed my runners every 400 miles.  Come to think of it, why do I see so many runners with lower extremity injuries in my office?  The traditional answer to these questions has always been overuse often compounded by an underlying mechanical abnormality such as over-pronation or flat-feet.  The treatment, along with modification of training, physiotherapy, stretching etc. has always included a close look at the runner's footwear, often with recommendations about motion control, stability, cushioning, orthotics or custom molded insoles.
 I do not recommend that you run your next half-marathon barefoot.  But certainly, I predict that sooner or later, changes will come about in both shoe design and training.  From the medical establishment's point of view, the prevention and treatment of running injuries must change to incorporate the concepts outlined above.  In fact I view the ideas I've presented here as a major paradigm shift in sports medicine, the likes of which I have not seen in the last fifteen years.  Of course, the major shoe companies have to own up and start introducing better shoes into their lines.

		adaptive immunity: The ability of the body to learn to fight specific infections after being exposed to the germs that cause them.

		addiction: Loss of control over indulging in a substance or performing an action or behavior, and continued craving for it despite negative consequences.

		
		adenosine triphosphate: An energy-storing molecule that is found in all human cells. Usually abbreviated as ATP.

		adequate intake: An    of the amount of a nutrient needed by healthy people. The Adequate Intake is used when there isn’t enough information to set a recommended dietary allowance (RDA).

		agoraphobia: Fear and avoidance of public places and open spaces.

		amnesia: Unusual memory loss or forgetfulness.

		amputation: The surgical removal of a limb or other body part.

		anaerobic: Any process that doesn’t require oxygen. Often refers to a form of short, high intensity exercise, known as anaerobic exercise.

		anaerobic exercise: Exercise that improves the efficiency of energy-producing systems that do not rely on oxygen. Examples include sprinting and weight lifting.

		
		dry eye: Stinging, burning, or irritation that occurs when the eye doesn’t produce enough moisture.

		duct: A tube or vessel in the body which carries the secretion of a gland; Secretion examples are tears, breast milk, etc.


		upper airway resistance syndrome: Inhalation that requires undue extra exertion; this extra work may cause insomnia and daytime sleepiness.

		urea: A waste product of protein digestion and metabolism.

		ureter: The tube that connects each kidney to the bladder.

		urethra: The tube leading from the bladder through which urine is carried from the body.
